Barn Buildables ver 1.5
Added Half railings, hold R when placing and you will see a left and right version.

Barn Buildables ver 1.4
Fixed Left Overhang HalfPitch not taking overhang.
Added a few more Custom Destructable Meshes.

Barn Buildables ver 1.3
-Complete Rebuild of destructable meshes.
   This fixes the issues with not being able to repair some parts and the visual indication of severe damage is way better. Not all pieces have been updated to the new destructable meshes.

Barn Buildables ver 1.2
-Added Flat beam variations so outside beams don't show on inside.
-Added standard Roof Peak with 3 variations for roof overhang.
-Added Half Pitch Roof Peak with 3 variations for roof overhang.
-Added lower Half Pitch wall peak and upper wall peak.
-Added new Icons for all the new pieces.
-Added new banner style image to show off IMMs new UI Changes.

Barn Buildables ver 1.1
-Fixed Beams
-Added Hidden trap door and Smaller Wooden Beams.
-Added Hay Pile option to the feeder deployable.
-Increased thickness of Roof to help Hide beams coming through.
-Increased thickness of bottom wooden beam at the base of all walls.

Barn Buildables ver 1.0

Everything you need to build the Barn of your dreams! 

All Items are crafted on the Carpentry Bench. All new wood grain texture, roof pieces with soffet hangovers, red painted exterior, sliding barn doors, hay bales for animals to eat from, custom doors and shutters, matching fences and gate pieces, matching interior deployables, stable walls with metal bars, and more will be added in future versions!


Mod contains:
New Red material for the exterior building pieces.
New White material for the white beams and trim parts.
New Dark wood material for all the barn interior sections and new craftables.

Building Pieces:
Floor, Half Floor, Floor with Trapdoor.

Exterior:
Wall, Half Wall, Door Frame, Window Frame, Double Door Frame.
Wall Angle Left and Right.
Roof, Roof with left overhang, Roof with Right overhang.
Low Pitch Roof, Low Pitch Roof with left overhang, Low Pitch Roof with right overhang.
Wood Beam, Vertical, Horizontal, and Diagonal.
White Beam, Vertical, Horizontal, and Diagonal.
Roof Extension, Roof Extension with left overhang, Roof Extension with right overhang.

Interior:
Wall, Half Wall, Stable with bars, Door Frame.
Wall Angle Left and Right, Wall Angle Left and Right Inverted.
Ramp, Stairs, Half Stairs Left, Half Stairs Right.
Ladder
Fence, Fence Gate.
Railing

Doors:
Standard Dark wood door.
Red painted barn door.
Red painted sliding barn door.
Red painted window.

Extras:
Hay Bale Feeder.
Hay Bale Prop.
45 Deg Beam Support Prop.
3 Led Lights crafted on the fabricator bench.
2 Light switches crafted on the fabricator bench.


